Update IContentFinder add a note about removal of ContentFinderByUrlAndTemplate in V8 (#2059)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Routing/Request-Pipeline/IContentFinder.md

}

```
:::note

> In Umbraco V7 there existed an IContentFinder that would find content and display it with an 'alternative template' via a convention - (to avoid the ugly ?alttemplate=blogfullstory appearing on the querystring of the url when using the alternative template mechanism). Instead the Url could follow the convention of /urltocontent/altemplatealias 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Umbraco7 there existed an IContentFinder that would find content and display it with an 'alternative template' via a convention. This could be to avoid the ugly `?alttemplate=blogfullstory` appearing on the querystring of the url when using the alternative template mechanism. Instead the Url could follow the convention of `/urltocontent/altemplatealias`. 
```

> eg: /blog/my-blog-post/blogfullstory would 'find' the /blog/my-blog-post page and display using the 'blogfullstory' template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eg: `/blog/my-blog-post/blogfullstory` would 'find' the `/blog/my-blog-post` page and display using the `blogfullstory` template. 
```

> In Umbraco V8 this convention has been removed from the default configuration of Umbraco but you can reintroduce this behaviour by adding the `ContentFinderByUrlAndTemplate` ContentFinder back into the ContentFinderCollection, using an `IUserComposer` (see above example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Umbraco 8 this convention has been removed from the default configuration of Umbraco. You can reintroduce this behaviour by adding the `ContentFinderByUrlAndTemplate` ContentFinder back into the ContentFinderCollection, using an `IUserComposer` (see above example).
```
